2022-07-15 (#157)
rustacean-station/rustacean-station.org: _episodes/interviews/2022-07-15-tyler-mandry.md

---

> title: "Rust Async with Tyler Mandry"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Asynchronous Rust with Tyler Mandry"
```

> date: 2022-07-15T17:30:00Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-07-16T13:50:00Z
```

> date: 2022-07-16T13:50:00Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-07-18T07:10:00Z
```

file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/2022-07-15-tyler-mandry.mp3

> duration: "1:01:30"
> length: "59048856"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
duration: "0:56:49"
length: "54559137"
```
These are the values for the file I got from you @HangingClowns — did you use incorrect values accidentally, or do I have the wrong/an old file?

#reddit: (leave blank on initial publish, amend with link and uncomment this line after Reddit thread has been posted)
---
Allen Wyma talks with [Tyler Mandry](https://twitter.com/tmandry), lead on [Rust Async Working Group](https://rust-lang.github.io/wg-async/welcome.html). Rust Async Working Group is focused around implementation/design of the "foundations" for Async I/O.

## Contributing to Rustacean Station

Rustacean Station is a community project; get in touch with us if you'd like to suggest an idea for an episode or offer your services as a host or audio editor!

- Twitter: [@rustaceanfm](https://twitter.com/rustaceanfm)
- Discord: [Rustacean Station](https://discord.gg/cHc3Gyc)
- Github: [@rustacean-station](https://github.com/rustacean-station/)
- Email: [hello@rustacean-station.org](mailto:hello@rustacean-station.org)

## Timestamps 
- [@0:10] - Async Working Group introduction
- [@3:08] - Async progress over the past few years

> - [@5:16] - Fuchsia Operating system and its goals in comparison to others

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@5:16] - The Fuchsia operating system and its goals
```

> - [@6:19] - How much Fushia is written in Rust?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@6:19] - How much of Fushia is written in Rust?
```

> - [@8:16] - The experience and feedback so far of Fuchsia using Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@8:16] - The experience of using Rust in Fuchsia so far
```

> - [@17:29] - Why are async runtimes not compatible with each other? and what solutions are they making?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@17:29] - Why are async runtimes not compatible with each other, and how might it be solved?
```

> - [@23:06] - How do they handle feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@23:06] - How does the working group handle feedback?
```

> - [@25:33] - One most important issue that the working group is working on at the moment?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@25:33] - What's the most important issue the working group is working on?
```

- [@32:45] - Different types of async runtimes
- [@34:36] - Turning synchronous into async

> - [@39:36] - How did Tyler go from C++ to Rust and still stay within the asynchronous code?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@39:36] - How did Tyler go from async C++ to async Rust?
```

> - [@47:14] - Tyler's code writing and documentation writing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@47:14] - Tyler's code and documentation writing
```
